Bing!
I know I kind of rushed through it, but that's the basic idea.
What do you guys think?
I mean it sounds amazing, Ted.
I..I think we're just trying to process what you're saying.
Are, are you sure you want to do this?
Definitely.
When we started Awkward Animals
We didn't know how big the brand would become.
We made a few animals like the turtle, the panda, and the giraffe
But now it's time to think BIGGER
[Gasp] Like a cow??
We have a cow...
Like a bigger cow?
Do you really think this trip is gonna help?
It's more than just a trip.
It's an epic global safari of
AWESOME AWKWARDNESS
[Whispers] Das tiiiiight
Wait, so let me recap here
You wanna take some time away from the office to go travel around the world looking for
Real-life inspirations of new awkward animal plush toys that we can make?
Bingo.
Look, if you guys have any other questions, I'll be happy to answer them.
What d'you think you'll find?
Whatever finds me.
How long will you be gone?
However long it takes.
Where do you think you'll go first?
Where.. ever I think of first
You, you sure you don't need help?
Like, do you want us to go with you?
As much as I would like that, you guys have to hold down the fort.
Christine, you're our lead producer. So you have to make sure everything runs smoothly.
Taylor, everything needs to be edited. So keep up the great work.
Pfft thanks.
Wes and Phil...
Yeah.
I don't know what to say, Ted. I mean we'll try our best.
You guys will be fine.
But I gotta go start packing. I'll check in whenever I can.
This is my safari hat.
-Bye Ted!
-Be safe!!
-Bye, good luck!
Wong Fu for life (I MISS TED SO MUCHHH)
Oh, wow.
Hey, guys, let's not look at this as a bad thing, right?
I mean, a lot of good can come out of this.
We can implement a lot of new strategies.
Right?
So
I mean..
Look...
What do we need more of, guys?
Let's just spit ball.
Ummmm.. Higher production value?
Absolutely.
Anything else?
Staying under budget.
You know I'm all about efficiency.
Let's challenge ourselves.
Dude, exactly. Nothing is impossible.
If we can do all these things, it can only lead to one thing...
...success!
So say it all together with me, guys!
Wong Fu needs more...?
Peeeen.......
Pens. We need, we need more.. pens. (Phil's face though)
Whiteboard pens.
Uh, on it.
Yeah.
[Laughing]
[Mumbling]
-Take it back, tack it back. Is that mine, did I mess up?
-Yeah, take it back.
-No, n, no
-No, it was me..
Let's challenge ourselves.
I'm down with that - nothing's impossible.
I looked at the camera too..
Das tiiight
[Gasp] Das tiiight
Can we take it back please?
Don't leave me with them.
Boop!
I keep messing up this line.
Hey guys! We hope you liked that first episode of this brand new series that we're starting.
It's called "Offline".
And it's basically little skits about our office life that's inspired by our real office life.
-Kinda.. It's really.. It's real.
-But not.. But it's real.
-Yeah.
But come back every Tuesday 'cause we'll be posting up new episodes and we wanna share the fun with you!
Yup. So tell your friends to watch "Offline". Well, tell them to watch it online. It's...
Well, online.
It's called "Offline", but it, it will be online..
We did not think about this title...
So in this episode, we were trying to figure out "What does Wong Fu need more of?"
So actually now we want to ask you.
What do you think guys Wong Fu needs more of? Leave a comment below.
And then we'll pick a winner, and then you'll get an awkward animal from Ted's awesome safari.
Yup!
And don't write... "penis"... because that's just inappropriate.
-And we already know that. We...
-You mean pe-ns...
-...we figured that out already
-...pens!